20_2 TreeList Batch Editing: rewrite (#754)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/TreeList/BatchEditing/description.md

> You can use the batch edit mode to defer saving multiple cell changes. The changes are stored in a buffer and can be discarded before a user clicks the **Save** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use batch edit mode to defer saving multiple cell changes. Changes are stored in a buffer and can be discarded before a user clicks the **Save** button.
```

> You can use batch edit mode to defer saving multiple changes. In this mode, users edit data one cell at a time. The changes are stored in a buffer and can be discarded before the **Save** button is clicked.

Reviewer 2: >users edit data one cell at a time

Something went wrong

> To enable the batch edit mode, configure the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable batch edit mode, configure the following properties:
```

* **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"batch"*

> * [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) object's [allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating), [allowAdding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding), and [allowDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowDeleting) to **true**

Reviewer 2: These sentences still need predicates. My suggestion is the following:

```suggestion
To enable the batch edit mode, configure the following properties:

* Set **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"batch"*.
* Assign **true**  to the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) object's [allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating), [allowAdding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding), and [allowDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowDeleting) properties.
```

> This demo uses the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler to populate cells of a new row with default values. This function sets *"Not Started"* and as the initial task status and specifies the current date as the initial start and due dates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This demo uses the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler to populate cells of a new row with default values. This function sets *"Not Started"* as the initial task status and specifies the current date as the initial start and due dates.
```

> This demo uses the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler to populate cells of a new row with default values. This function sets *"Not Started"* as the initial task status and specifies the current date as the initial start and due dates.

Reviewer 3: We already described the same functionality for the [Cell Editing](https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-demos/pull/739/files#diff-a51aa346a8fb80eb61c2d3f47d92b3e43c28ab11c81ea46c17c44b09036ed4b4R7) demo.

```suggestion
This demo also shows how to populate cells of a new row with default values. The values are assigned within the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) event handler.
```

> If data is stored on a server, our TreeList sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object (this is because most servers only process one edit operation at a time). If your server supports batch update, you can configure the TreeList to save all changes with a single request. Refer to the following demo for more information: [DataGrid: Batch Update Request](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If data is stored on a server, the TreeList sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object (this is because most servers only process one edit operation at a time). If your server supports batch update, you can configure the TreeList to save all changes with a single request. Refer to the following demo for more information: [DataGrid: Batch Update Request](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/).
```

> If data is stored on a server, our TreeList sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object (this is because most servers only process one edit operation at a time). If your server supports batch update, you can configure the TreeList to save all changes with a single request. Refer to the following demo for more information: [DataGrid: Batch Update Request]((https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If data is stored on a server, our TreeList sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object (this is because most servers only process one edit operation at a time). If your server supports batch update, you can configure the TreeList to save all changes with a single request. Refer to the following demo for more information: [DataGrid: Batch Update Request](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/).
```

> If you store data on the server and have a custom backend logic to apply data changes, implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onSaving) client-side function to save all changes with a single request as done in the DataGrid's [Batch Update Request](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/) demo.

Reviewer 3: We already have a perfectly fine paragraph in the Batch Update Request description:

```suggestion
If data is stored on a server, our TreeList sends multiple requests to save edited objects - one request per object (this is because most servers only process one edit operation at a time). If your server supports batch update, you can configure the TreeList to save all changes with a single request. Refer to the following demo for more information: [DataGrid: Batch Update Request]((https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/).
```

You can use batch edit mode to defer saving multiple changes. In this mode, users edit data one cell at a time. The changes are stored in a buffer and can be discarded before the **Save** button is clicked.

To enable batch edit mode, set the [mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) property to *"batch"* and enable the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) object's [allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating), [allowAdding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding), and [allowDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowDeleting) properties to allow edit operations.

> This demo uses the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler to populate cells of a new row with default values. This function sets Not Started and as the initial task status and specifies the current date as the initial start and due dates.

Reviewer 2: BTW, I do not understand why the developers decided to show this function i this demo. Anyway:

```suggestion
This demo uses the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler to populate cells of a new row with default values. This function sets *"Not Started"* as the task status and specifies the current date as the start and due dates.
```

> If you store data on the server and have a custom backend logic to apply data changes, implement the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onSaving) client-side function to save all changes with a single request as done in the DataGrid's [Batch Update Request](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/BatchUpdateRequest/jQuery/Light/) demo.

Reviewer 2: Are you sure that this info is important in this description?
